Hubble Terms of Service
Effective Date: May 29, 2025

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms," "Terms of Use") carefully before using the [Your Website URL Here] website (the "Service") operated by Hubble ("us," "we," or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who wish to access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you do not have permission to access the Service.

1. Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding content provided by users), features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Hubble and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both South Africa and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Hubble.

You acknowledge and agree that all content presented to you on the Service, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Hubble or its content suppliers and is protected by copyright laws.

2. Use of the Website
a. Permitted Use:
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Service strictly in accordance with these Terms for your personal or internal business purposes related to exploring Hubble's services.

b. Prohibited Uses:
You agree not to use the Service:

In any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation.
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content or otherwise.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Hubble, a Hubble employee, another user, or any other person or entity.
In any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Service or interfere with any other party's use of the Service, including their ability to engage in real-time activities through the Service.
To use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Service for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Service.
To introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
To attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Service, the server on which the Service is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Service.
To attack the Service via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service.
3. Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Hubble.

Hubble has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.

You acknowledge and agree that Hubble shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third-party websites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.

4. Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or course of performance.

Hubble, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that:

The Service will function uninterrupted, secure, or available at any particular time or location.
Any errors or defects will be corrected.
The Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
The results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
5. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Hubble, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from:

Your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service.
Any conduct or content of any third party on the Service.
Any content obtained from the Service.
Unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
6. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Hubble and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of:

Your use and access of the Service.
A breach of these Terms.
7. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of South Africa, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.

8. Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

9. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:

Hubble
[Your Company's Physical Address]
Email: [Your Company's General Email Address, e.g., info@hubble.com]
Phone: [Your Company's Phone Number]